
CHRIS MUGAVERO
            cjmugs.github.io
16607 Parkview Ave.
Tinley Park,IL
(630) 670-9896
cjmugs@gmail.com
EXPERIENCE
Warner AV, Frankfort, IL –  live A/V Technician
June 2019– March 2020
My duties included setup, tech and strike live events. As well as daily maintenance and testing of equipment.
Sound Investment, Chicago, IL –  Lead live A/V Technician
August 2018 – June 2019
 I would be in charge of a small crew to setup, tech and strike live events. Other duties included daily maintenance  and testing of equipment and  pre-planning for future events.
Video Instanter, Chicago, IL — Videographer / AV Technician 
August 2013 – August 2018
Film legal depositions using HD video cameras and high end audio equipment. Also solve many on the spot problems with audio-visual equipment for trials, as well as edit depositions for trials. 
FurlaVision, Bannockburn, IL — Videographer / Editor
September 2011 – July 2013
Operated HD video Camcorders and DSLRs to capture weddings and various events. Also handle day to day editing as well as office responsibilities. Had to be tech savvy as well and be able to diagnose video and audio problems on the spot. Also communicated with clients about their goals and visions. I would meet deadlines either on time or early.
United States Marine Corps, Jacksonville, NC — Combat Engineer
January 2003 – January 2007
Conducted urban breaching, demolitions as well as mine and counter-mine warfare.  Conducted personal security for dignitaries as well as heads of state. Also had to constructed fighting positions as well as place explosives and detect for landmines. Other duties included prepare firing systems to assist in combat.
EDUCATION
The Illinois Institute of Art, Schaumburg, IL — Bachelor of Fine Arts
June 2009 – June 2011
Bachelor of Fine Arts in Digital Film making and Video Production with honors.


SKILLS

Python

Linux

Html

CSS

JavaScript

Final Cut Pro X

Adobe Premiere

Adobe After FX

Adobe Soundbooth

Adobe Photoshop

Adobe Illustrator

Microsoft Word

Microsoft PowerPoint

Microsoft Excel
Abilities

Able to handle stressful and fast paced environments
Able to learn a new skill or task quickly
Able to follow directions and see a task to the end
Certificates
Complete Python Development 2021: Zero to Mastery – Udemy.com 








